style: apply /style-guide pass to models/track (#2728)
wandb/docs: models/track/log/media.mdx

<ColabLink url="https://colab.research.google.com/github/wandb/examples/blob/master/colabs/wandb-log/Log_(Almost)_Anything_with_W%26B_Media.ipynb" />

> We support images, video, audio, and more. Log rich media to explore your results and visually compare your runs, models, and datasets. Read on for examples and how-to guides.

Reviewer: Yikes. How did "We" still exist?

Author: The intro no longer uses "We" after the pass: it now reads "This page shows you how to log rich media, including images, video, audio, and more..." Resolving.

_🤖 Addressed by [Claude Code](https://claude.com/claude-code)_

> This page shows you how to log rich media, including images, video, audio, 3D point clouds, molecules, histograms, HTML, and text, so you can explore your results and visually compare your runs, models, and datasets. Use these examples as a reference when you want to attach media objects to a W&B run.

Reviewer: Listing all available types will get dated. I'd shorted and use (whatever we decide works ) for "...and more."

Author: Shortened the list to "images, video, audio, and more" in `cf5b4357`.

_🤖 Addressed by [Claude Code](https://claude.com/claude-code)_

<Note>
For details, see the [Data types reference](/models/ref/python/data-types/).
</Note>

<Note>
For more details, see a [demo report on visualizing model predictions](https://wandb.ai/lavanyashukla/visualize-predictions/reports/Visualize-Model-Predictions--Vmlldzo1NjM4OA) or watch a [video walkthrough](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=96MxRvx15Ts).
</Note>

## Prerequisites

> To log media objects with the W&B SDK, you may need to install additional dependencies that support the media types you plan to use. Install them by running the following command.

Reviewer: This doc is old. Someone should confirm if this is true. I don't think it is.

```suggestion
To log media objects with the W&B Python SDK, you may need to install additional dependencies that support the media types you plan to use. Install them by running the following command.
```

Author: Applied your suggestion in `cf5b4357`.

_🤖 Addressed by [Claude Code](https://claude.com/claude-code)_

```bash
pip install wandb[media]
```

## Images

> Log images to track inputs, outputs, filter weights, and activations.

Reviewer: This sounds like this is the only thing we can log.

Author: Added ", and more" in `cf5b4357`.

_🤖 Addressed by [Claude Code](https://claude.com/claude-code)_

    run.log({"examples": images})
```

> The SDK assumes the image is gray scale if the last dimension is 1, RGB if it's 3, and RGBA if it's 4. If the array contains floats, the SDK converts them to integers between `0` and `255`. To normalize your images differently, specify the [`mode`](https://pillow.readthedocs.io/en/stable/handbook/concepts.html#modes) manually or supply a [`PIL.Image`](https://pillow.readthedocs.io/en/stable/reference/Image.html), as described in the "Log PIL images" tab of this panel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
W&B assumes the image is gray scale if the last dimension is 1, RGB if it's 3, and RGBA if it's 4. If the array contains floats, W&B converts them to integers between `0` and `255`. To normalize your images differently, specify the [`mode`](https://pillow.readthedocs.io/en/stable/handbook/concepts.html#modes) manually or supply a [`PIL.Image`](https://pillow.readthedocs.io/en/stable/reference/Image.html), as described in the "Log PIL images" tab of this panel.
```

Author: Applied your suggestion in `cf5b4357`.

_🤖 Addressed by [Claude Code](https://claude.com/claude-code)_

  * `position`: a dictionary representing the position and size of the box in one of two formats, as described in the following list. Boxes need not all use the same format.
    * _Option 1:_ `{"minX", "maxX", "minY", "maxY"}`. Provide a set of coordinates defining the upper and lower bounds of each box dimension.
    * _Option 2:_ `{"middle", "width", "height"}`. Provide a set of coordinates specifying the `middle` coordinates as `[x,y]`, and `width` and `height` as scalars.
  * `class_id`: an integer representing the class identity of the box. See the `class_labels` key in this list.
  * `scores`: a dictionary of string labels and numeric values for scores. You can use it to filter boxes in the UI.
  * `domain`: specify the units or format of the box coordinates. **Set this to `"pixel"`** if the box coordinates are expressed in pixel space, such as integers within the bounds of the image dimensions. By default, the domain is a fraction of the image, expressed as a floating point number between 0 and 1.
  * `box_caption`: (optional) a string to display as the label text on this box.

> * `class_labels`: (optional) a dictionary mapping `class_id`s to strings. By default, the SDK generates class labels such as `class_0` and `class_1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `class_labels`: (optional) a dictionary mapping `class_id`s to strings. By default, W&B generates class labels such as `class_0` and `class_1`.
```

Author: Applied your suggestion in `cf5b4357`.

_🤖 Addressed by [Claude Code](https://claude.com/claude-code)_

## Histograms

Log histograms to track the distribution of values, such as gradients or activations, across training steps. The following tabs show basic and flexible approaches.

<Tabs>
<Tab title="Log a basic histogram">

> If you provide a sequence of numbers, such as a list, array, or tensor, as the first argument, the SDK constructs the histogram automatically by calling `np.histogram()`. The SDK flattens all arrays/tensors. Use the optional `num_bins` keyword argument to override the default of `64` bins. The maximum number of bins supported is `512`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you provide a sequence of numbers, such as a list, array, or tensor, as the first argument, W&B constructs the histogram automatically by calling `np.histogram()`. W&B flattens all arrays/tensors. Use the optional `num_bins` keyword argument to override the default of `64` bins. The maximum number of bins supported is `512`.
```

Author: Applied your suggestion in `cf5b4357`.

_🤖 Addressed by [Claude Code](https://claude.com/claude-code)_

The W&B UI truncates the data at 300,000 points.
</Note>

### NumPy array formats

> The SDK supports three different formats of NumPy arrays for flexible color schemes.

Reviewer: Use "W&B" instead of "The SDK.."

```suggestion
W&B supports three different formats of NumPy arrays for flexible color schemes.
```

Author: Applied your suggestion in `cf5b4357`.

_🤖 Addressed by [Claude Code](https://claude.com/claude-code)_

* `[[x, y, z], ...]` `nx3`
* `[[x, y, z, c], ...]` `nx4` `| c is a category` in the range `[1, 14]` (Useful for segmentation)
* `[[x, y, z, r, g, b], ...]` `nx6 | r,g,b` are values in the range `[0,255]`for red, green, and blue color channels.

### Python object

> With this schema, you can define a Python object and pass it to [the `from_point_cloud` method](/models/ref/python/#from_point_cloud).

Reviewer: I don't think this function exists anymore....

Author: Flagging for SDK confirmation rather than guessing: I left the `from_point_cloud` reference unchanged since I cannot verify the current API from the docs. Leaving this open for someone with SDK context.

_🤖 Addressed by [Claude Code](https://claude.com/claude-code)_

* `points` is a NumPy array containing coordinates and colors for the points to render using [the same formats as the simple point cloud renderer](#python-object).
* `boxes` is a NumPy array of Python dictionaries with three attributes:
  * `corners` - a list of eight corners
  * `label` - a string representing the label to render on the box (optional)
  * `color` - RGB values representing the color of the box

>   * `score` - a numeric value that displays on the bounding box and that you can use to filter the bounding boxes shown (for example, to only show bounding boxes where `score` > `0.75`). (optional)

Reviewer 2: I believe we prefer `:` over `-` as a separator.

Author: Changed the separator from `-` to `:` for all items in the bounding-box attribute list (`corners`, `label`, `color`, `score`) in 9ff660b8, to match the `:` style used elsewhere in this file.

_🤖 Addressed by [Claude Code](https://claude.com/claude-code)_

When viewing a point cloud, you can hold control and use the mouse to move around inside the space.

> ### Point cloud files

Reviewer: The SDK Team sunsetted `Object3D.from_file()`

https://github.com/wandb/wandb/blob/main/wandb/sdk/data_types/object_3d.py#L385

Author: Confirmed via your link that `Object3D.from_file()` was sunsetted. Updating this section to the current API is a content change beyond this style pass, so I am leaving the thread open to track it.

_🤖 Addressed by [Claude Code](https://claude.com/claude-code)_

run.log({"video": wandb.Video(numpy_array_or_path_to_video, fps=4, format="gif")})
```

> If you supply a NumPy array, the SDK assumes the dimensions are, in order: time, channels, width, and height. By default, the SDK creates a 4 fps GIF image ([`ffmpeg`](https://www.ffmpeg.org) and the [`moviepy`](https://pypi.org/project/moviepy/) Python library are required when you pass NumPy objects). Supported formats are `"gif"`, `"mp4"`, `"webm"`, and `"ogg"`. If you pass a string to `wandb.Video`, the SDK asserts the file exists and is a supported format before uploading to W&B. If you pass a `BytesIO` object, the SDK creates a temporary file with the specified format as the extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you supply a NumPy array, the W&B assumes the dimensions are, in order: time, channels, width, and height. By default, W&B creates a 4 fps GIF image ([`ffmpeg`](https://www.ffmpeg.org) and the [`moviepy`](https://pypi.org/project/moviepy/) Python library are required when you pass NumPy objects). Supported formats are `"gif"`, `"mp4"`, `"webm"`, and `"ogg"`. If you pass a string to `wandb.Video`, W&B asserts the file exists and is a supported format before uploading to W&B. If you pass a `BytesIO` object, W&B creates a temporary file with the specified format as the extension.
```

Author: Applied your suggestion in `cf5b4357`.

_🤖 Addressed by [Claude Code](https://claude.com/claude-code)_

Your videos appear in the Media section of the W&B [run](/models/runs/) and [project](/models/track/project-page/) pages.

For more usage information, see [`video-file`](/models/ref/query-panel/video-file).

### Text

> Use `wandb.Table` to log text in tables that appear in the UI. By default, the column headers are `["Input", "Output", "Expected"]`. To ensure optimal UI performance, the default maximum number of rows is set to 10,000. However, you can explicitly override the maximum with `wandb.Table.MAX_ROWS = 200000`.

Reviewer: that's weird. Don't propose a random number.

Author: Removed the specific number; now "override the maximum by setting `wandb.Table.MAX_ROWS`" in `cf5b4357`.

_🤖 Addressed by [Claude Code](https://claude.com/claude-code)_

run.log({"video": wandb.Video(numpy_array_or_path_to_video, fps=4, format="gif")})
```

If you supply a NumPy array, the SDK assumes the dimensions are, in order: time, channels, width, and height. By default, the SDK creates a 4 fps GIF image ([`ffmpeg`](https://www.ffmpeg.org) and the [`moviepy`](https://pypi.org/project/moviepy/) Python library are required when you pass NumPy objects). Supported formats are `"gif"`, `"mp4"`, `"webm"`, and `"ogg"`. If you pass a string to `wandb.Video`, the SDK asserts the file exists and is a supported format before uploading to W&B. If you pass a `BytesIO` object, the SDK creates a temporary file with the specified format as the extension.

Your videos appear in the Media section of the W&B [run](/models/runs/) and [project](/models/track/project-page/) pages.

For more usage information, see [`video-file`](/models/ref/query-panel/video-file).

### Text

> Use `wandb.Table` to log text in tables that appear in the UI. By default, the column headers are `["Input", "Output", "Expected"]`. To ensure optimal UI performance, the default maximum number of rows is set to 10,000. However, you can explicitly override the maximum with `wandb.Table.MAX_ROWS = {DESIRED_MAX}`.

Author: Fixed in b1e6a42: replaced `{DESIRED_MAX}` with a concrete integer (`200000`).

run.log({"custom_string": wandb.Html('<a href="https://mysite">Link</a>')})
```

> Log custom HTML at any key to expose an HTML panel on the run page. By default, the SDK injects default styles. To turn off default styles, pass `inject=False`.

Reviewer: I'll stop commenting on this, but stop using "The SDK" just use "W&B"

Author: Replaced "The SDK"/"the SDK" with "W&B" throughout the file in `cf5b4357`.

_🤖 Addressed by [Claude Code](https://claude.com/claude-code)_
